Soon, this prince will launch an attack to report back.
This time, the southern expedition is a protest.
You did well.
That’s because of your strategy, my lord.
A little trick.
First, let a plague break out in the south.
Then you immediately lead the southern expedition.
Save the people from the fire and water.
Along the way, more and more people support you.
This prince will surely be a good emperor.
That’s natural.
But for this protest,
I’ve been exposed alongside you.
Many people have already seen me.
It doesn’t matter.
Previously, the fake divine physician of Prince Duan was captured.
Everyone thinks he is dead.
Besides, with this prince around,
no one dares to act.
Deceive the prince’s favor.
Greetings, Your Majesty.
Your humble servant has come to report.
Prince Rui has finally returned.
His achievements in this protest are commendable.
Your Majesty overpraises me.
It is only right for me to die for the country.
That’s my duty.
Your Majesty, Prince Rui’s performance in this protest
is truly admirable.
Having such a talent is a blessing for our great Liang.
A blessing for our great Liang.
All the ministers agree that Prince Rui’s protest achievements
will be heavily rewarded.
Take Prince Rui away.
Hey!
Imperial Brother, what are you doing?
Your humble servant is loyal.
I’ve contributed to the protest!